updates to lists lesson (#85)
Ada-Developers-Academy/ada-precourse-v2: intro-to-python/lists.md

def favorite_flavors():
    icecream_flavors = []
    flavor = ""
    while not flavor == "done":  # this loop will run until the
        # user types in the word "done"
        flavor = input("What is an icecream flavor that you like? ")
        # add all flavors except for done
        if not flavor == "done":
            # when we append something to a list, we add it to the end of the list
            icecream_flavors.append(flavor)

    for flavor in icecream_flavors:  # this loop will iterate over each element

>         # in the list, and store them one at a time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # in the list and store them one at a time
```

    # ... rest of file

    ```
3. Next, add the constants `SNOWMAN_MAX_WORD_LENGTH = 8` and `SNOWMAN_MIN_WORD_LENGTH = 5` with the other constants at the top of the file.    

> 4. Last, add the following lines of code to the top of the `snowman` function:

Reviewer: Line 482 also says it's the last step
```suggestion
4. Then, add the following lines of code to the top of the `snowman` function:
```

##### !question

> Update the helper function `get_letter_from_user` so that it takes an additional argument (`correct_guesses_list`) and uses that along with `wrong_guesses_list` to print the "You have already guessed that letter" as feedback to the user if the user has already guessed the letter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the helper function `get_letter_from_user` so that it takes an additional argument (`correct_guesses_list`). Use this new argument along with `wrong_guesses_list` to print "You have already guessed that letter" as feedback to the user if the user has already guessed the letter.
```
